# Iranian news websites which will not open without an Iranian IP
# Use to make them direct connections so they open inside Iran

# News
irna.ir @news
irib.ir @news
yjc.ir @news
mehrnews.com @news
isna.ir @news
ilna.ir @news
tasnimnews.com @news
farsnews.ir @news
ibena.ir @news
pana.ir @news
shana.ir @news
ipna.ir @news
iqna.ir @news
imna.ir @news
bornanews.ir @news
shabestan.ir @news
hawzahnews.com @news
snn.ir @news
qodsna.com @news
ibna.ir @news
iraneconomist.com @news
ecobourse.ir @news
asriran.com @news
tabnak.ir @news
entekhab.ir @news
fararu.com @news
khabaronline.ir @news
saat24.com @news
parsine.com @news
alef.ir @news
irdiplomacy.ir @news
sobhanehonline.com @news
mashreghnews.ir @news
aftabnews.ir @news
eghtesadnews.com @news

# Newspapers
iran-newspaper.com @news
donya-e-eqtesad.com @news
hamshahrionline.ir @news
jamejamonline.ir @news
ettelaat.com @news
sharghdaily.ir @news
aftabeyazd.ir @news
ebtekarnews.com @news
asianews.ir @news
khorasannews.com @news
7sobh.com @news
mardomsalari.ir @news
resalat-news.com @news
financialtribune.com @news
kayhan.ir @news
tehrantimes.com @news
khabarvarzeshi.com @news
abrarnews.com @news
newspaper.fdn.ir @news