# Iranian stock exchange websites which will not open without an Iranian IP
# Use to make them direct connections so they open inside Iran

# Bourse
tsetmc.ir @bourse
ime.co.ir @bourse
irenex.ir @bourse
ifb.ir @bourse
tse.ir @bourse
talarebourse.com @bourse
sukuk.ir @bourse
farasahm.ir @bourse
codal.ir @bourse
arman-ati.com @bourse
bourseiness.com @bourse

# Brokers
abanbroker.com @bourse
bkisecurities.com @bourse
novinbourse.com @bourse
saderatbourse.com @bourse
sepahbourse.com @bourse
bmibourse.com @bourse
bahmanbroker.com @bourse
rbc.ir @bourse
sdbhouse.com @bourse
tadbirgar.com @bourse
kmsco.ir @bourse
emofid.com @bourse
etminansahm.com @bourse
omidsahm.com @bourse
oibroker.com @bourse
bt-broker.com @bourse
samanbourse.com @bourse
maskanbourse.com @bourse
mellatbroker.com @bourse
sahandbroker.com @bourse
irfarabi.com @bourse
nobitex.ir @bourse
hafezbourse.com @bourse
danabroker.com @bourse
